Docs > Add a note on the profiling panel doc (#1899)
jazzband/django-debug-toolbar: docs/changes.rst

* Deprecated the ``OBSERVE_REQUEST_CALLBACK`` setting and added check
  ``debug_toolbar.W008`` to warn when it is present in
  ``DEBUG_TOOLBAR_SETTINGS``.

> * Add a note on the profiling panel document about python 3.12 and after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add a note on the profiling panel about using Python 3.12 and later 
  about needing ``--nothreading``
```
